lesions
Welcome to a new era, welcome to modern football, to a moment in life in which you will have to stand out above all the others to achieve something.
And the path is simple, to stand out above all the others, it is necessary to do more than others.
There is something called talent, natural skills that someone has, which make him reach more or less high.
And this is true, because talent is clear that exists, but it is necessary to have the natural talent to succeed, and if you have the talent or your triumph is assured, the answer is simple.
And it is that if you have been born with him or not, there is only one thing that you can be clear, and it is that there are better players than you.
There are thousands of people who train every week, millions of players with the same dream, but the people who really lack are the people with a plan, and above all the people who have a fully optimized plan.
And this power surpasses all possible talents, the power of work and effort have made humanity come to where it has come, because that is our mission in this world.
To work to make the world improve and advance, so that each one reaches what he deserves to be, and not to have the feeling that we could have done more to achieve it.
Because that is not to fail, that is not to try, and both to fail and to succeed, you have to leave your skin at the highest level.
You have to get used to hearing it, very few arrive, it is very difficult, and it is that it does exactly the same, because those people who tell you, are people who do not know what it is to pursue a dream with all the atoms in your body.
Go towards your goal with all your strength and mind, so from now on you will live each game as an opportunity, you will focus all your strength on making yourself better, and every week that passes you will notice it.
Every training that passes you will notice it, because every day is an opportunity to be better, so you will stop dreaming about football and you will start living football.
Because you will not be another player who is forgotten, you will show all those people who doubted you that you are different, because the world wants to know you, people want to know you, and football needs to know you.