It's not easy. There are times when you feel you have to give up. There are times when you don't even know why you're there.
Why do we have to endure all that pressure, all that pain, that only the goalkeepers know?
It's not easy. It's not easy to work without anyone valuing your effort. To have to endure criticism from people who don't know anything about the goal.
To have to be in that point of view. To have to play, knowing that any little carelessness will make everything go against you.
It's not easy to be valued by the few mistakes, regardless of the successes. Or to have to always play a perfect game, so you don't get criticized.
It's not easy to be alone. To play alone and be the rare one in the squad. That rare one who has to train separately and who never ends up fully integrated in the team.
It's not easy to keep playing a game after making a mistake. Let every mistake affect you in a totally decisive way in the game.
To have the greatest responsibility. To be the team leader. To be the number one. That number one who doesn't have to score any goals in the goal.
To be the center of all the looks, but at the same time to be the forgotten one in the game. Even though you're the one who's most focused, you have to be in the 90 minutes.
To be the captain who's always on top of everything. To know how to direct your team. To act with personality. To be the true goalkeeper.
It's not easy. Of course it's not easy. That's why I'm a goalkeeper. What a joy it would be to succeed without any difficulty.
To move forward in a path of roses where they give you everything as a gift. Where there are no obstacles. What a joy it would be to never fail. To be robots perfectly created to stop.
And there's one thing you haven't realized yet. A true goalkeeper, a true goalkeeper of the three sticks, is made in the bad moments.
In the hardest moments. When everything is done, it's hard. Those times when you make a mistake. The bigger the mistake, the more you'll grow.
The more strength you'll get, the more you'll improve. And that's what a goalkeeper really values. The strength, the security, the certainty that everything goes on wheels.
Knowing that things are in place and you'll keep playing at the same level. Knowing that there's no God that stops you and makes you stop enjoying the goal.
Because a failure is the most positive thing that can happen to you. Because it's the best way to learn. And that's why you're here.
That's why you train every week. That's why you give up on your life. To be bigger. And until you don't make a mistake, you have a lot to work on.
So wait for those mistakes.
With open arms.